So you have to think clearly
This bitch is at your defeat party
First insult Commander Nangong
Trying to kill the world with a gun again
This is the great sin of destroying the nine clans
Now as long as you break up with their mother and son
Maybe you handsome will consider forgiving you
Ah!
General You, what Miss Su said is very true
If the general can overcome the trouble today
righteous killing
That handsome woman will definitely be more visible
They are all calling you
Experience is your own flesh and blood.
so-called
Don't worry.
You and I will get married in the future
I will have another son for you
2 Miss Su is right
A bone now
When broken, it breaks.
And because my mother just saw a Feng Minjun
I went out and complained like a female handsome.
Erya
You must seize this last chance.
What!
OK
Ah!
Wu Guoying, you forced me
You're right.
As long as I am grateful
How can my power have this name that belongs to me?
Hahahahaha
Father my father
Don't hit my dad
Dad
Don't blame dad
If you want to blame you, I will hate you
It's all in your mother's belly
After you leave, your father will definitely lay the best grave for you
Let your servants worship you
You are in brother
You are worry-free
then
Later?
You don't care
How dare you touch my son
Let die without a burial place
Hahaha Mu Guiying
If you don't want him to die
We have a knot.
You kneel now
Climb to my feet and kowtow three times
In front of the rich and powerful
Admit that you are a country woman
So I can consider it.
Keep him alive
Don't you think so
Then die
That's expensive.
I'm afraid of no one.